
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?



Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?



Who is the mayor of Berlin?



How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have?



What is the second highest mountain on Earth?



Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.



When was Alberta admitted as province?



To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?



Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.



What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?



Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?



Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past five years.



Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?



Give me all members of Prodigy.



What is the longest river?



Does the new Battlestar Galactica series have more episodes than the old one?



Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.



Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.



How tall is Michael Jordan?



What is the capital of Canada?



Who is the governor of Texas?



Do Harry and William, Princes of Wales, have the same mother?



Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?



Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?



How many official languages are spoken on the Seychelles?



Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state?



Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.



Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.



What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?



Give me all current Methodist national leaders.



How often did Nicole Kidman marry?



Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.



In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?



Who developed Skype?



What is the melting point of copper?



Give me all sister cities of Brno.


How many inhabitants does Maribor have?


Give me all companies in Munich.



List all boardgames by GMT.



Who founded Intel?



Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?



Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.



Which cities does the Weser flow through?



Which countries are connected by the Rhine?



Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?



What is the average temperature on Hawaii?



In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?



Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?



Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?



Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands.



Who invented the zipper?



What is the ruling party in Lisbon?



What are the nicknames of San Francisco?



Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus?



When were the Hells Angels founded?



Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.



What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?



Which U.S. states are in the same timezone as Utah?



Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.



How many space missions have there been?



Did Socrates influence Aristotle?



Give me all Argentine films.



Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.



Which instruments did John Lennon play?



Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?



Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?



How many employees does Google have?



Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?



Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama?



When was the Statue of Liberty built?



In which U.S. state is Area 51 located?



How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?



When did Michael Jackson die?



Which daughters of British earls died in the same place they were born in?



List the children of Margaret Thatcher.



Who was called Scarface?



Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?



Was Dutch Schultz a jew?



Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.



Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?



Give me a list of all American inventions.



How high is the Mount Everest?



Who created the comic Captain America?



How many people live in the capital of Australia?



What is the largest city in Australia?



Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?



Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?



In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?



Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?



Which U.S. State has the abbreviation MN?



Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.



Which movies did Sam Raimi direct after Army of Darkness?



What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?



Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?



Give me all B-sides of the Ramones. 



Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?



Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?



For which label did Elvis record his first album?



Who produces Orangina?


